I thought you might be hungry.
I always hated that chair.
So I've been told.
Even so, I'd hoped
you'd sit in it one day.
I hated this room.
This ship.
I hated my life.
You told me that too.
Every day.
For almost 20 years.
I was a child when you took me.
I saved you.
No.
No. We were happy
on my home planet.
Going to bed hungry...
scrounging for scraps.
Your planet was on
the brink of collapse.
I'm the one who stopped that.
Do you know what's
happened since then?
The children born...
have known nothing but
full bellies and clear skies.
It's a paradise.
Because you murdered
half the planet.
A small price to
pay for salvation.
You're insane.
Little one, it's a
simple calculus.
This universe is finite,
its resources finite.
If life is left unchecked,
life will cease to exist.
It needs correction.
You don't know that!
I'm the only one who knows that.
At least, I'm the only one
with the will to act on it.
For a time...
you had that same will...
as you fought by my side.
Daughter.
I'm not your daughter.
Everything I hate about
myself you taught me.
And, in doing so,
made you the fiercest
woman in the galaxy.
That's why I trusted you
to find the Soul Stone.
I'm sorry I disappointed you.
I am disappointed.
But not because
you didn't find it.
But because you did.
And you lied.
Nebula.
Don't do this.
Some time ago,
your sister snuck
aboard this ship to kill me.
Please don't do this.
And very nearly succeeded.
So I brought her here.
To talk.
Stop. Stop it.
I swear to you on my life.
I never found the Soul Stone.
Accessing memory files.
You know what he's about to do.
He's finally ready, and
he's going for the stones.
- All of them.
- He can never get them all.
He will!
He can't, Nebula.
Because I found the
map to the Soul Stone...
and I burned it to ash.
I burned it.
You're strong.
Me.
You're generous.
But I never taught you to lie.
That's why you're so bad at it.
Where is the Soul Stone?
Vormir!
The stone is on Vormir.
Show me.
I need you to meet me on Titan.
In all the time I've
served Thanos...
I have never failed him.
If I were to reach our
rendezvous on Titan...
with the Time Stone
still attached
to your vaguely
irritating person...
there would be judgment.
Give me...
the stone.
Wow, you're a seriously
loyal piece of
outerwear, aren't you?
Yeah, uh, speaking of loyalty...
What the...
- I know what you're gonna say.
- You should not be here.
- I was gonna go home.
- I don't wanna hear it.
But it was such a long
way down and I just thought
- about you on the way...
- And now I gotta hear it.
...and kinda stuck
to the side of the ship.
And this suit is ridiculously
intuitive, by the way.
God damn it.
So, if anything, it's kinda
your fault that I'm here.
- What did you just say?
- I take that back.
And now, I'm here in space.
Yeah, right where I
didn't want you to be.
This isn't Coney Island.
This isn't a field trip.
This is a one-way ticket.
You hear me?
Don't pretend you thought this through.
No, I did think this through.
You could not have
possibly thought this through.
You can't be a friendly
neighborhood Spider-Man...
if there's no neighborhood.
Okay, that didn't
really make sense,
but you know what
I'm trying to say.
Come on.
We got a situation.
See him down there?
He's in trouble.
What's your plan?
- Go.
- Um...
Okay, okay...
Uh...
Okay. Did you ever see
this really old movie, Aliens?
Painful, aren't they?
They were originally
designed for microsurgery.
And any one of them...
could end your
friend's life in an instant.
I gotta tell you, he's
not really my friend.
Saving his life is more
of a professional courtesy.
You've saved nothing.
Your powers are inconsequential
compared to mine.
Yeah, but the kid's
seen more movies.
Yes! Wait. What are those?
Hey, we haven't officially met.
Cool.
We gotta turn this ship around.
Yeah, now he wants to run.
Great plan.
No, I want to protect the stone.
And I want you to thank me.
Now, go ahead.
I'm listening.
For what?
Nearly blasting me into space?
Who just saved your magical ass?
Me.
I seriously don't know
how you fit your
head into that helmet.
Admit it, you should've
ducked out when I told you to.
I tried to bench you.
You refused.
Unlike everyone else in
your life, I don't work for you.
And due to that fact,
we're now in a
flying doughnut...
billions of miles from
Earth with no backup.
- I'm backup.
- No, you're a stowaway.
The adults are talking.
I'm sorry, I'm confused
as to the relationship here.
What is he, your ward?
No.
- I'm Peter, by the way.
- Doctor Strange.
Oh, you're using our
made-up names. Um...
I'm Spider-Man, then.
This ship is
self-correcting its course.
Thing's on autopilot.
Can we control it?
Fly us home?
- Stark?
- Yeah.
Can you get us home?
Yeah, I heard you.
I'm thinking I'm not
so sure we should.
Under no circumstances
can we bring the
Time Stone to Thanos.
I don't think you
quite understand
what's at stake here.
What? No. It's you
who doesn't understand...
that Thanos has been
inside my head for six years.
Since he sent an
army to New York
and now he's back.
And I don't know what to do.
So I'm not so sure
if it's a better plan to fight
him on our turf or his...
but you saw what they did,
what they can do.
At least on his turf,
he's not expecting it.
So I say we take
the fight to him.
Doctor.
Do you concur?
All right, Stark.
We go to him.
But you have to understand...
if it comes to saving you
or the kid or the Time Stone...
I will not hesitate to
let either of you die.
I can't, because the
universe depends on it.
Nice.
Good, moral compass.
We're straight.
All right, kid.
You're an Avenger now.
I know I don't
deserve your trust...
but you were our only lead.
We discovered that
your energy signature
matched Mar-Vell's core.
Now we know why.
If only you knew the
importance of it to me.
I just need your help
decoding the coordinates
to Mar-Vell's lab.
Those weren't coordinates.
They're state vectors.
For orbital position
and velocity.
You didn't find
her lab on Earth,
'cause it's not on Earth.
That was the location
on the date of the
crash six years ago.
If we track its course,
we'll find it in
orbit right now.
It's just basic physics.
In orbit?
Was that so
difficult to figure out?
I mean, you're my
science guy, right?
Yon-Rogg will
catch up to me soon.
We've got to get to
the core before he does.
Mmm. We're going to space?
In what?
A few tweaks to your
vessel should do it.
I can handle the modifications.
Mmm. Your science guy.
Well, I could use a copilot.
No.
No, I can't.
I can't leave Monica.
Mom, it's okay.
I can stay with Gramma and Paw-paw.
There's no way I'm going, baby.
It's too dangerous.
Testing brand-new
aerospace tech is dangerous...
and you used to do that.
Your plan is to
leave the atmosphere
in a craft not designed
for the journey...
and you anticipate
hostile encounters...
with a technologically-superior
foreign enemy.
Correct?
That's what I'm saying.
- You have to go!
- Monica!
You have a chance to
fly the coolest mission
in the history of missions...
and you're gonna give
it up to sit on the couch
and watch Fresh Prince with me?
What?
I just think you
should consider...
what kind of example you're
setting for your daughter.
What's going on around here?
I know, I know.
I'll explain inside.
Thank you.
Your mom's lucky.
When they were handing out kids,
they gave her the toughest one.
Lieutenant Trouble.
You remembered.
Is that mine?
No, no.
You hang on to it
until I come back.
But there is something
that I need your help with.
I can't wear these
Kree colors anymore.
And since you are obviously
the only person around here
with any sense of style...
Hmm?
Whoa.
No.
Uh-uh.
Definitely not.
Well, since we're
on the same team...
Hmm.
How do I look?
Fresh.
What took you so long?
I'm fine.
Thanks for asking.
- PRY46-B...
- No, no codes.
That system is fallible,
as we've learned.
Okay, then let's do this.
Who do I see when I commune
with the Supreme Intelligence?
The person you most
admire and respect, I'd guess.
But you would never tell me who.
And what is your
earliest memory of Hala?
The transfusion.
Blue blood running
through my veins.
Whose blood?
Hmm.
That's my blood that's
coursing through her veins.
What have you done with her?
You're too late.
She knows?
Ronan, Skrulls have
infiltrated C-53.
Come at once.
For the good of all
Kree, Commander...
the infestation
will be eradicated.
Passing 500 and climbing.
You know, you really shouldn't
have that thing on your lap.
Our little alliance with
you is tenuous at best.
And as long as he
continues to freak you out...
like that...
yeah, I'm gonna keep giving him
all the loves and hugs
that he needs, right?
Can I ask you something?
Do you just turn into
anything you want?
Ah, well, I have
to see it first.
Can you all do it?
Physiologically? Yeah.
But, uh, it takes practice...
and, um, dare I say it,
talent to do it well.
- Can you turn into a cat?
- What's a cat?
What about a filing cabinet?
Why would I turn
into a filing cabinet?
A Venus flytrap?
I'll give you 50 bucks right now
if you turn into
a Venus flytrap.
Switching engines
from Scramjet to Fusion.
Buckle up, folks.
Hey.
Is this normal, like,
space turbulence?
Pretty much.
Locking in on coordinate grid.
Where is it?
It's here. It's gotta be here.
Well, is it in front of all
that nothing, or behind it?
Decloaking activated.
Is that it? The core?
In her notes she
called it the Tesseract.
Whoa.
What was Lawson doing
with all this kid stuff?
We're not alone.
Talos!
He didn't come here
for the Tesseract.
It's okay.
We didn't know what to do.
Mar-Vell warned us not to
send a signal for any reason...
or the Kree would find us.
You did the right thing.
It's okay, it's okay.
She's all right.
She's a friend.
I am not gonna hurt you.
She led me to you.
I'm so sorry.
I didn't know.
Carol.
This is war.
My hands are
filthy from it, too.
But we're here now.
You found my family.
This is just the beginning.
There are thousands of us
separated from each other...
scattered throughout the galaxy.
If I played the same pinball
machine for six years...
I'd have some high scores, too.
Fraternizing with the enemy?
Uh-uh.
What did you do to your uniform?
They got in her head.
Just like we thought.
The Supreme Intelligence
will set her straight.
You can see
they're not soldiers.
Let 'em go. You can have me.
And the core?
You lied to me.
I made you the best
version of yourself.
What's given can be taken away.
Back here! Move, move!
Get over here. Get down!
Let's go! Go, move!
There she is.
Seems like your time on
C-53 jogged the old memory.
This jacket.
It's killer, by the way.
Oh.
The music. It's a nice touch.
Let me out.
No can do.
If you hurt them, I will
burn you to the ground.
With what exactly?
Your power comes from us.
You didn't give me these powers.
The blast did.
And yet, you've
never had the strength
to control them on your own.
Species: Flerken.
Threat: high.
It's a cat, not Hannibal Lecter.
Species: human male.
Threat: low to none.
That thing's clearly busted.
Load the Flerken
onto the Helion.
Eject the others into space.
You did good, Ace.
Thanks to you...
those insidious shapeshifters
will threaten our
borders no more.
I used to believe your lies...
but the Skrulls are
just fighting for a home.
You're talking about
destroying them
because they won't
submit to your rule.
And neither will I.
We found you.
We embraced you as our own.
You stole me.
From my home,
my family, my friends.
It's cute how hard you try.
But remember...
without us...
Give it up, Carol.
Stay down!
...you're weak.
You're going too fast!
You need to go slow!
You're flawed.
Are you trying to kill yourself?
Helpless.
You're too emotional
and so weak.
You don't belong out here!
We saved you.
- Control it.
- I told you,
- Carol.
- They'll never
- let you fly.
- This ain't
- a game for little girls.
- You kiss like a horse.
You won't last a week, Danvers.
Without us, you're only human.
You're right.
I'm only human.
On Hala, you were reborn...
Vers.
My name is Carol.
She's trying to break out.
I've been fighting with one
arm tied behind my back.
But what happens when...
I'm finally set free?
You know you're glowing, right?
I'll explain it later.
Take the Tesseract.
Leave the lunchbox.
- Me?
- Yes.
I'm not touching that thing.
You want me to get
you an oven mitt?
Whoa!
Get the Skrulls on
the Quadjet and go.
Take the Flerken with you.
- What about you?
- I'll buy you some time!
I'm picking you up now.
I'm trusting you not to eat me.
Oh, hey, guys.
Arm wrestle for the Tesseract?
I used to find you amusing.
Let's put an end to this.
Okay.
Good kitty.
♪ Sunday, Monday,
Happy Days
♪ Tuesday, Wednesday,
♪ Thursday, Friday,
Happy Days
♪ Saturday
What a day
♪ Rockin' all week
with you
♪ This day is ours
♪ Won't you be mine?
♪ Oh, please be mine
♪ Hello, sunshine
Goodbye, rain
♪ She's wearin' my school ring
on her chain
♪ She's my steady
I'm her man
♪ I'm gonna love her
all I can
♪ This day is ours
You knew all along.
Is that why we never hung out?
No, I just never liked you.
♪ Gonna cruise her
'round the town
♪ Show everybody
what I found
Incoming!
♪ Rock 'n' roll
with all my friends
♪ Hoping the music
never ends
♪ This day is ours
Hey, in a hurry?
Don't make me do this.
Okay.
♪ Sunday, Monday,
Happy Days
♪ Tuesday, Wednesday,
Come on, do your thing!
Come on!
Damn it, Goose.
Pick a side.
Take them to the hangar, too.
We'll blast them all into space.
Play it cool.
Just like Havana.
Do you have the thing?
Flerken kitty ate it.
Come on, move!
Move!
Follow my lead.
Cover her eyes.
Onto the ship!
Let's go! Let's go!
Nice diversion.
I could have swore
I put it in there.
Minn-Erva, take them
down in the drop ship.
On it.
You all right, friend?
Never better.
We got a bogey coming in hot.
Yes! Boom!
Whoo!
What the hell was that?
Deploy ballistic warheads.
That's impossible.
C-53 doesn't have
a defense system
advanced enough to
destroy our warheads.
That's not their
defense system, Ronan.
Take her down.
Whoo!
Return to the jump point.
I'm so proud of you.
You've come a long way
since I found you
that day by the lake.
But can you keep
your emotions in check
long enough to take me on?
Or will they get the
better of you as always?
I always told you...
you'll be ready
the day you can knock
me down as yourself.
This is that moment.
This is that moment, Vers!
Turn off the light show...
and prove to me you
can beat me without...
I have nothing to prove to you.
Destination: Hala.
I can't go back empty-handed.
You won't be empty-handed.
I'm sending you with a message.
Tell the Supreme Intelligence
that I'm coming to end it.
The war. The lies.
All of it.
You can't do this.
That was a close call,
huh, Goosey? Huh?
Those bad guys still
in there somewhere?
Ow!
Mother Flerken!
- You okay?
- Yeah.
It's just a scratch.
No.
I can't believe
you got in the
raddest dogfight ever...
and I missed it.
I'd say you
arrived just in time.
Some nifty flying
you did out there.
S.H.I.E.L.D. could always
use a good pilot like you.
I'll consider it...
as long as you never
call my flying "nifty" again.
How's your eye?
Hmm.
Getting better every second.
Just so I'm clear...
you were Soh-Larr...
- and the S.H.I.E.L.D. agent?
- Keller.
He tied my boss up,
stole his identity.
I borrowed his likeness.
I'm no thief.
It is a little like stealing.
Whose side are you on here?
You're good to go here
until you recover...
but you and your family
are gonna need a new look.
I could go back
to being your boss.
Uh, please don't.
Come on. I loved sporting
his beautiful blue eyes.
No way.
You guys have the best eyes.
Don't ever change your eyes.
- She has beautiful eyes.
- That's very sweet of you.
I was trying not to panic...
I'll help you find a home.
Finish what Mar-Vell started.
They can stay here with us.
Can't they, Mom?
They won't be safe here, baby.
Auntie Carol's right.
They need their own home.
I'll be back before you know it.
Or maybe I could fly up
and meet you halfway?
Ah, only if you learn to
glow like your Auntie Carol.
Or maybe I'll build a spaceship.
- You don't know.
- He doesn't.
Keep the Tesseract on Earth.
Hidden.
You sure that's what
Marvel would want?
Mar-Vell.
That's what I said.
It's two words. Mar. Vell.
Mar-Vell.
"Marvel" sounds a lot better.
You know, like the Marvelettes.
♪ Wait, oh, yes
♪ Wait a minute, Mr. Postman
♪ Wa-a-a-ait,
Mr. Postman
Not ringing any bells?
Keep singing.
Maybe it'll come back to me.
I upgraded it.
Range should be a
couple galaxies, at least.
What?
You think I'm gonna crank call you?
For emergencies only, okay?
Well...
if you're ever passing
back through this galaxy...
be sure to give
a brother a shout.
Oh!
We got the ketchup stain off.
Thanks, Lieutenant Trouble.
Hmm.
It's hard for me to
say goodbye, too.
Go on.
Glad to have you back, sir.
This came for you.
So, is it true?
That the Kree
burned your eye out...
because you refused to
give them the Tesseract?
I will neither confirm nor
deny the facts of that story.
Understood.
I'm sorry to report
that we still haven't
found the Tesseract.
I'm sure it'll turn
up somewhere.
I'll let you know when it does.
Then what?
Sir?
We have no idea
what other intergalactic
threats are out there.
And our one-woman security force
had a prior commitment...
on the other side
of the universe.
S.H.I.E.L.D.
alone can't protect us.
We need to find more.
More weapons?
More heroes.
You think you can
find others like her?
Hmm, we found her, and
we weren't even looking.
Get some rest, sir.
You got a big decision to make.
Hey, what's going on?
I think we're here.
I don't think this rig
has a self-park function.
Get your hand inside
the steering gimbal.
Close those around it.
- You understand?
- Yep, got it.
This was meant for
one big guy, so we gotta
- move at the same time.
- Okay, okay. Ready.
We might wanna turn.
Turn! Turn! Turn!
You all right?
That was close.
I owe you one.
Let me just say, if aliens
wind up implanting eggs
in my chest or something...
and I eat one of you, I'm sorry.
I do not want another
single pop culture reference
out of you for the rest of the trip.
You understand?
I'm trying to say that
something is coming.
Thanos!
Whoa, whoa, whoa!
Please don't put your eggs in me!
Stay down, clown.
Die, blanket of death!
Everybody stay where you are.
Chill the eff out.
I'm gonna ask you this one time.
Where is Gamora?
Yeah. I'll do you one better.
Who's Gamora?
I'll do you one better.
Why is Gamora?
Tell me where the
girl is or I swear to you
I'm gonna French
fry this little freak.
Let's do it. You shoot my
guy and I'll blast him. Let's go!
Do it, Quill!
I can take it.
- No, he can't take it!
- She's right. You can't.
Oh, yeah? You don't wanna
tell me where she is? That's fine.
I'll kill all three of you
and I'll beat it out
of Thanos myself.
Starting with you.
Wait, what, Thanos?
All right, let me ask
you this one time.
What master do you serve?
What master do I serve?
What am I supposed
to say, "Jesus"?
You're from Earth.
I'm not from Earth,
I'm from Missouri.
Yeah, that's on Earth, dipshit.
What are you hassling us for?
So you're not with Thanos?
With Thanos?
No, I'm here to kill Thanos.
He took my girl.
Wait, who are you?
- We're the Avengers, man.
- Oh.
You're the ones
Thor told us about.
You know Thor?
Yeah.
Tall guy, not that
good-looking, needed saving.
The hell happened
to this planet?
It's eight degrees off its axis.
Gravitational pull
is all over the place.
Yeah, we got one advantage.
He's coming to us.
We'll use it.
All right, I have a plan.
Or at least the
beginnings of one.
It's pretty simple.
We draw him in,
pin him down, get what we need.
Definitely don't wanna
dance with this guy.
We just want the gauntlet.
Are you yawning?
In the middle of this, while
I'm breaking it down? Huh?
Did you hear what I said?
I stopped listening after
you said, "We need a plan."
Okay, Mr. Clean
is on his own page.
See, "not winging it"
isn't really what they do.
Uh, what exactly
is it that they do?
Kick names, take ass.
Yeah, that's right.
All right, just get
over here, please.
Mr. Lord, can you get
your folks to circle up?
"Mr. Lord."
Star-Lord is fine.
We gotta coalesce.
'Cause if all we come at
him with is a plucky attitude...
Dude, don't call us plucky.
We don't know what it means.
All right, we're optimistic, yes.
I like your plan.
Except it sucks,
so let me do the plan...
and that way it
might be really good.
Tell him about the dance-off
to save the universe.
- What dance-off?
- It's nothing.
Like in Footloose, the movie?
Exactly like Footloose.
Is it still the greatest
movie in history?
It never was.
Don't encourage this, all right?
- Okay.
- We're getting no help
- from Flash Gordon here.
- Flash Gordon?
By the way, that's a compliment.
Don't forget, I'm half human.
So that 50% of
me that's stupid...
that's 100% you.
Your math is blowing my mind.
Excuse me.
But does your
friend often do that?
Strange, we all right?
You're back. You're all right.
- Hi.
- Hey, what was that?
I went forward in time
to view alternate futures.
To see all the possible outcomes
of the coming conflict.
How many did you see?
14,000,605.
How many did we win?
One.
♪ Oh, yes, wait a minute,
Mr. Postman
♪ Wa-a-a-ait,
♪ Please, Mr. Postman,
Look and see
♪ Is there a letter
In your bag for me?
♪ 'Cause it's been
A mighty long time
♪ Since I heard from
This boyfriend of mine
♪ There must be
Some word today
♪ From my boyfriend
Who's so far away
♪ Please, Mr. Postman,
Look and see
♪ Is there a letter,
A letter for me?